Snowflake model functions (#8590)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-fusion.md

For more information, see [config.meta_get()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/config#configmeta_get) and [config.meta_require()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/config#configmeta_require).

### Fusion compiler

#### Snowflake model functions

> <Constant name="fusion" /> supports [Snowflake ML model functions](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ml-functions-overview), which allow you to call machine learning models directly in SQL. 

Reviewer: I tried going to the link but got a 404 error. Should this be: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/guides-overview-ml-functions?

> <Constant name="fusion" /> supports [Snowflake ML model functions](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ml-functions-overview), which allow you to call machine learning models directly in SQL. 

Author: ```suggestion
<Constant name="fusion" /> supports [Snowflake ML model functions](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/guides-overview-ml-functions), which allow you to call machine learning models directly in SQL. 
```
